## Data Hub Content Management System (CMS)

The repository is split by Data Hub pages. There is a folder for each page (e.g., Global Picture) and each folder contains the narratives and refrence files used by that page. This should make it easier for the analysts to change the Data Hub narratives and manage the refrence file data on a per page basis.

You will find that the refrence file data that can be autogenerated from underlaying tables in the corresponding database will now reside in the database. The dedicated database serving the data to the Data Hub web app will be called `data_hub`.

### Files explained

#### `concept.csv` (will change name to `indicator.csv`)

There is a simplified `concept.csv` file in each folder that serves a similar purpose to the original [`concepts.csv`](https://github.com/devinit/digital-platform/blob/development/concepts.csv) file in the [`digital-platform`](https://github.com/devinit/digital-platform) repository. This file will be renamed to `indicator.csv`.

The file `indicator.csv` contains indicator metadata and control parameters, e.g., indicator `id`, indicator `name` etc. for each indicator used on the corresponding page.

#### `page.csv`

The `page.csv` file contains various page narratives. It has an `id` column for each page section, a section `title` column where applicable, a `narrative` where the actual narrative text goes and finally a `meta` column. `meta` is where you put any other extra text which may not apply in the other sections.
